Docs: Cleanup (#1)
org-not-included/ds-tour: README.md

  
---  
## What is Javascript?
Javascript is a web based scripting programming language that allows you to build interactive web pages. Javascript's default synchronous behavior is achieved through the use of stacks in browsers V8 engine.  
  

> While being synchronous in nature, it can also act asynchronously. Asynchronous behavior can be leveraged through the use of `Promises`, which depend on the Queue, Stack, and EventLoop to order and process these requests.

Author: ```suggestion
  
---  
  
While being synchronous in nature, it can also act asynchronously.  
 
 Asynchronous behavior can be leveraged through the use of `WebAPIs`, which handle the `Task` separately from the `Call Stack`, allowing the `EventLoop` to continue adding new tasks from the `Task Queue` whenever the `Call Stack` is empty.  
  
The `WebAPI` will send it's result to the `Task Queue`, which the `EventLoop` will eventually pick up and send to the `Call Stack`.  

```

  
---  
## What is Javascript?

> Javascript is a web based scripting programming language that allows you to build interactive web pages. Javascript's default synchronous behavior is achieved through the use of stacks in browsers V8 engine.  

Author: ```suggestion
Javascript is a web based scripting programming language that allows you to build interactive web pages. Javascript's default synchronous behavior is achieved through the use of stacks in the browser's V8 engine.  
```

  
  
---  
  
While being synchronous in nature, it can also act asynchronously.  
 

>  Asynchronous behavior can be leveraged through the use of `WebAPIs`, which handle the `Task` separately from the `Call Stack`, allowing the `EventLoop` to continue adding new tasks from the `Task Queue` whenever the `Call Stack` is empty.  

Author: ```suggestion
 Asynchronous behavior can be leveraged through the use of `WebAPIs`. Since they handle the `Task` separately from the `Call Stack`. This allows the `EventLoop` to continue adding new tasks from the `Task Queue`, whenever the `Call Stack` is empty.  
```
